
A transform configuration file is used to describe which transformations and
validations to apply to a source CSV file. This is a simple text file using YAML
format, using the same format as an .ABOUT file.

The attributes that can be set in a configuration file are:

* column_renamings:
An optional mapping of source CSV column name to target CSV new column name that
is used to rename CSV columns.

For instance with this configuration the columns "Directory/Location" will be
renamed to "about_resource" and "foo" to "bar":
    renamings:
        'Directory/Location' : about_resource
        foo : bar

The renaming is always applied first before other transforms and checks. All
other column names referenced below are these that exist AFTER the renamings
have been applied to the existing column names.

* required_columns:
An optional list of required column names that must have a value, beyond the
standard columns names. If a source CSV does not have such a column or a row is
missing a value for a required column, an error is reported.

For instance with this configuration an error will be reported if the columns
"name" and "version" are missing or if any row does not have a value set for
these columns:
    required_columns:
        - name
        - version

* column_filters:
An optional list of column names that should be kept in the transformed CSV. If
this list is provided, all the columns from the source CSV that should be kept
in the target CSV must be listed be even if they are standard or required
columns. If this list is not provided, all source CSV columns are kept in the
transformed target CSV.

For instance with this configuration the target CSV will only contains the "name"
and "version" columns and no other column:
    column_filters:
        - name
        - version

* row_filters:
An optional list of mappings of <column name>: <value> that a source CSV row
should match to be added to the transformed target CSV. If any column value of a
row matches any such filter it is kept. Otherwise it is skipped. Filters are
applied last after all renamings, checks and tranforms and can therefore onlu
use remaining column names.

For instance with this configuration the target CSV will only contain rows that
have a "path" equal to "/root/user/lib":
    row_filters:
        path : /root/user/lib

